title: Why I'm excited about Upshot
excerpt: To explain my thesis behind Upshot, let me begin with a story.
date: February 26th, 2026
---

To explain why I’m excited about Upshot, let me tell you a story.

I went to primary school in a small village in England and everyone in my class was obsessed with Pokémon cards. I remember going to Toys R Us with my Dad and getting him to buy me a large tin of cards. The tin cost £40, my Dad was livid, but I was now in the cool gang at school. I had a plastic wallet for all my cards and so did my friends. We traded cards, fought over cards, left them at each other's houses and sometimes cried when a card deal went wrong.

That feeling is exactly what Upshot reminded me of, being a part of a community.

Upshot is a prediction card platform on Base, essentially how it works is you open cards packs tied to real work predictions. If the prediction you opened hits, you win real money. But money is not necessarily the game. The pack opening, the daily rewards, the collecting - it just feels like a game. It reminds me more of logging into Clash of Clans or 8 Ball Pool than using a crypto product. I forget it is built on a blockchain.

I think this is what most prediction markets get wrong, everyone in crypto says prediction markets will be massive and I agree. But right now they seem to be dominated by people already in the crypto ecosystem. Everyday consumers don’t know what to do with a prediction market, other than sports betting. Upshot is flipping that, instead of asking people to care about prediction markets as a concept. It makes them care more about the game and prediction market dynamics are baked in.

What excites me the most is the community potential. I am less fond of the airdrop hunter run around routine from projects, I like real culture. Pokémon, Magic: The Gathering, these are real communities that lasted decades because people genuinely enjoyed playing them. If Upshot can get real users to stay because the game and community is fun, they are onto something special.

From a business perspective, the card game model is a killer. Think about the story with me, I spent a £40 lump sum just to join the Pokémon club at school. Then kept pestering my parents to buy new card packs every time we went to the shops. Why? It was just fun. Upshot has a similar model. Build the community, monetise through an upfront buy in and then have a recurring revenue from the pack purchases. Community drives retention which translates to SaaS level revenue. Upshot has the chance to not only be a strong community, but a strong business.

---

*Disclosure: I am an angel investor in Upshot. This is not financial advice.*